Previously on Rosewood...
Damn! You had to hit him that hard?
He smells like hookers and cheap tequila.
Not cheap, broke, flat-ass broke.
I was thinking about that conversation
we had the other day.
The one where we were talking about
finding an investor for the lab.
I don't remember
having that conversation with you.
You have put
your heart and soul into this lab.
We've got to find the right person.
Now, are you sure
you want to be my partner?
If your health, you know,
takes this toll again,
then at least you'll know
the lab is in good hands.
So, we're doing this.
I ran the additional test you asked for.
-Do you have family?
-Yes, but they don't know I'm here.
I think you're gonna need them.
Ah, thank you.
Can you believe this weather?
I mean, it's like the sun gave me a hug.
You hate hugs.
Well, depends on who's giving them.
Someone woke up
on the Rosie side of the bed.
Actually, I slept a little weird.
I've got his pain in my neck,
it's radiating down to my ass,
but at least I get to be around
some of the greatest people in the world.
-You okay?
-Yeah.
Is everything all right with my mom?
Yeah, never better. I mean, Daisie and I,
we're like two seniors
at an after prom party.
Sorry I asked.
We've got a warm one. High rise off
Brickell. You're up.
Well, Hornstock is next in rotation.
I want you on it.
Tag Rosie in, MEs have their hands full.
We just closed the Ogden case.
That's right, you did. See?
You're all loose, you're ready to play.
You don't pull your ace
in the third inning when they're on fire.
I love that metaphor,
I love that strategy.
I mean, Rosie and Villa make a great team.
Well chosen, Cap.
-What's wrong with him?
-I don't know.
Everything okay with him and... your mama?
Yeah, I don't know what this is.
I mean, if he starts drinking green juice
and babbling about sunsets,
we should be worried.
Well, you know, team work
makes the dream work.
That's all you have to remember.
All right?
Something's weird.
It's got all the latest amenities.
Key fob doors, magnetic rail elevators,
the latest in tenant protection.
We're not looking to buy a condo.
A man was killed in your building.
I'm beyond shaken with
what happened with Mr. Huff.
We take security very seriously.
As I was saying,
the virtual concierge system
monitors all comings and goings.
Tenants scan their thumbs like so,
and the operator confirms.
I've installed it in all of my buildings,
each one feeds into a central hub.
It is the most advanced security system
on the market.
Not advanced enough.
-This records? Do you have access?
-Yes.
It's on a 72 hour loop and the company's
based out of Mumbai, so...
We'll get it to you.
-Just may take some time.
-I can have it to you tomorrow.
Apologies for startling you.
I'm Holla, the concierge's operator.
And I'm Dr. Beaumont Rosewood Jr.
I take it you won't be delivering
that footage in person.
I'm afraid not, but it is a great pleasure
to meet you, Dr. Rosewood.
And it was a pleasure
to meet you, too, Holla.
And I hope you have a wonderful Holi...
Villa, we were talking.
I can't wish her happy holidays?
Experiencing Holi, the Indian festival
of colors, is on my bucket list.
It actually should be on yours too.
'Cause it's really, really nice...
I need to talk to the tenant
who found his body.
Holla alerted the authorities
when she noticed that Mr. Huff
hadn't left the building for a few days.
No one noticed him lying dead
in an elevator for a few days?
Other than Mr. Huff, the building
is technically unoccupied.
The majority of my building's tenants
live outside the country.
American real estate
is a solid investment.
Tenants, they buy up a few units
and they never move in.
So, the killer could've entered
this elevator at any unoccupied floor.
No, not possible.
The elevator, it's programmed to stop
only at occupied floors.
Which in this case was Mr. Huff's floor.
The only other stop is the lobby,
and the concierge
keeps that clear of any riff raff.
So, I assume the elevator
has an emergency hatch.
Yes, but you have to remove a ceiling tile
and the only way to access the shaft
is with a key fob and a code.
-We take security--
-You said that already.
Okay, so is this building haunted?
Because Bobby Huff was attacked by someone
while the elevator was in motion.
Now if you're telling me
that there's no way on to it,
then we're looking at
an impossible murder.
My guess is what, death by ghost?
Yeah, we're gonna need a list
of your non-tenant tenants
and how to reach them,
and don't forget the security footage.
Let's take a look at Bobby's apartment.
You can wait in the hall for us.
Ugh, that's a lot of meat for a guy
living by himself.
Looks like Bobby had money to burn.
More like credit to burn.
There's nothing but overdue notices
in his mail.
Well, guess we have more in common
than a love of gadgets.
We've another thing in common,
we're both fans of classic TV.
You say, fan, I say, stalker.
Villa, come on, don't confuse
passion with obsession.
The Ways Back touched a lot of people
including Emmy voters.
That explains the raw meat.
Cute dog.
It's not a dog. Canis lupus.
It's a wolf.
♪ The ones who've been there
Know it's a fact ♪
♪ That the only way
To power is to find... ♪
Whoa.
♪ The ways back ♪
Come on, guys, it's a great theme song.
You don't know it?
This guy, I mean, seriously.
TMI, I'm sure is whistling it right now
at her neuro pathology conference.
No, it's before her time.
Be that as it may, the struggles
of Toby Weisback are timeless.
I mean, who hasn't been shoved into
a locker while dressed as Nikola Tesla.
Pretty much everyone.
Subscapular hemorrhaging at the top of the
cranium indicates blunt force trauma.
And the X-Ray shows a ring fracture
at the base of the skull.
So, someone smashed Bobby Huff
over the head with a heavy object?
Which broke his neck
and killed him almost instantly.
So how does someone sneak upon him
in an elevator?
Well, maybe it was someone he knew.
Well, then, Bobby must've had
some impressive friends
because this someone knew how to bypass
the most high-tech security system
on the market
and slip onto an elevator undetected.
-Skin lesions.
-No, bite marks
from a Rocky mountain wood tick.
The wolf in Bobby's apartment
was covered with them.
Okay, what is this?
That's not a bite, is it?
I noticed that earlier.
Some sort of indentation.
Scanned it to identify the image.
Kind of looks like a logo.
Maybe it is.
And I know where he bought it.
Eduardo is a pro. He resized
Chris Ross' championship ring.
This is where Bobby Huff got that ring.
And you know this because?
Because I was looking at
some jewelry recently.
With Tawnya.
You know, I don't get
why they keep the glass so clean.
I mean, it's a jeweler.
We know what's going on inside.
Do we really need to see it?
This certainly is Mr. Rast's ring.
-You already called him?
-As soon as you phoned.
He should be on his way.
I could never forget this piece. Hideous.
Designed the logo himself.
And, I had to make four of them.
Yo, Eduardo, you called?
-Alan Rast?
-Yeah.
EMPD, I have some questions for you.
Why do they always run?
I can't believe Bobby's gone.
When I saw him the other day, he was fine.
And now he's dead.
And we thought you might know why.
-Maybe you got into a fight?
-Fight Bobby, no.
He was like a brother,
I would never hurt him.
Then why did you brand his face
with your ring?
You talk trash, you gave him
a little sweet chin music,
-things escalated, so you killed him.
-And then you ran.
-You are talking nonsense. I ran--
-Through a glass door.
I saw your badge. I figured you was
after me for some less than legal bets
that I may or may not have made.
I didn't know it had to do with Bobby.
Rast.
My friend didn't do anything wrong.
Destruction of property, resisting arrest.
Illegal wagering.
Your bro did a few things wrong.
-And your other buddy--
-Please.
-Let me tell them.
-Tell us what?
We've known Bobby since we were kids.
We went to the same school.
Yeah, we did everything together.
That's why we made these rings.
They represent our bond.
-I want to see his body.
-It's being autopsied.
I don't consent.
You can't do that to Bobby.
I'm sorry, but his body is the best clue
we have to finding his killer.
It's my fault, he died because of my fame.
-You're?
-I'm Micah Holmes,
-the star in the--
-The Ways Back.
You look different.
Yeah, thanks to 20 years and puberty.
So, Bobby wasn't a crazed fan, was he?
No, he was my best friend.
And I owe him everything.
Bobby's pop is Irve Huff,
big time producer.
He created The Ways Back.
They had a open casting call
and Bobby brought Micah.
He nailed the audition, got the part.
The rest is Hollywood history.
After the show got canceled, I found out
that my parents spent everything.
Bobby had my back, he got us out of LA,
he put us up, he got us back on our feet.
I owe him my life.
-Where were you the night he died?
-My place.
We all were.
Friday's family dinner night.
It's our tradition,
-because when you come from broken homes--
-Your friends are your family.
The Rosewoods' dine on Sundays.
I look forward to it every week.
Bobby always cooks, but he didn't show...
this time.
And you didn't think
to check on him sooner?
Bobby can be a bit of a flake,
but we don't hold it against him.
You wouldn't understand.
But why don't you help us understand?
You want proof? Bobby's menu.
Friday night.
-Kevin Bacon Wrapped Shrimp?
-Yeah, he had a thing for wordplay.
So, what did you guys eat
when Bobby didn't show?
I grabbed take out from Food Tastes.
We'll confirm that.
And we do need to test your rings.
You know, I chose the blue one 'cause
I like blue, but this is way over my head.
-Yes, probably.
-All right, here we go.
So what's the ETA on tox?
-What happened?
-We don't know.
Wonderful, now that you're back,
I'd like to call team meeting.
Mom happened.
I, for one, have been
appreciating the strong female energy.
Now I know that you're on a case
but putting off financial matters
isn't going to help.
One of the first things that we can do
to pull ourselves
out of this financial hole
is to stop using the company card
for personal expenses.
Now I don't know what the Escape Room is--
It was a team building exercise.
Right.
I'll also have to do a dust check.
Which means, any and all
superfluous equipment
that is not being used, we sell
to generate cashflow.
Yeah, but a lot of these
are special order.
Which means very expensive.
You know, no offense to our new investor,
but we are in the middle of a case here.
-So...
-Right, that's right.
Okay, look,
preliminary toxicology screening
shows high levels of opiates
in Bobby's system.
Okay, so CT scan shows white matter
influx in the brain,
which normally indicates
a long term drug use.
But it doesn't appear tied
to cause of death.
Well, and it also doesn't explain
how someone snuck on to a moving elevator.
Well, these might help.
I need those swabbed.
If any of Bobby's friends attacked him,
his DNA will be on that ring.
But I hope we find nothing.
So, still no clue how
someone snuck on to that elevator.
What do we get from that security video?
I think it's alien brainwashing.
Only thing that makes sense.
He's been smiling all day.
I mean, I'm honestly scared for him.
Well, people change,
that's not always a bad thing.
Or maybe it's just my infectious smile
that's spread all--
-Like a disease.
-No, I'm the cure, Villa.
He's been Rosiefied, and you're next.
I decompressed that feed
sent over by the virtual concierge.
Okay, did you get any message or anything?
Maybe a way to contact them?
-Nothing.
-All right, thanks.
What? She's an important witness.
She's your dream woman. Nothing but upside
because she's just a voice.
No, no, she's not just a voice,
she's real person, Villa.
A real person with a body.
Hi, guys, either of you
would like a smoothie?
Heading to the new juice bar on 2nd,
I figured I would pick some for the squad.
I'm hearing very good things
about the sprouted almond surprise.
I'm good.
Okay, you change your mind, you text me.
Let me know.
-Okay.
-Thanks.
Rosiefied.
-There's nothing else?
-No, that's all they sent over.
There's no other footage.
Wait.
What if someone tampered with the camera?
Okay, I'll bite. You're gloating
that you Rosiefied Hornstock.
Yes, yeah, I am, but I was thinking
about Micah and his buddies.
You know, they say
that fame changes people,
but their friendship
reminds me of my boys.
Your boys?
Yeah, crew I used to run with
back in junior high school.
JJ, Spence and Milo.
I mean, we did everything together.
No, I bet you didn't murder together.
Don't Villafy a real moment. Okay, look,
you know that they didn't kill Bobby
and you know they didn't
shut off that camera...
No one did,
the camera has a motion sensor.
It's how the concierge can
watch all my buildings.
Please, don't tell me that's why you
dragged me all the way down here.
I'm in the middle of closing
on 50 condo units in Palm Acres.
We're in the middle
of a murder investigation.
Tell me again how employing one camera
operator makes this building more secure.
It doesn't, just saves money on personnel.
And so does a motion sensor.
Real estate is a game of inches.
Spatially and monetarily.
All right, let's ask Holla.
-I'd like to hear it from her mouth.
-Her mouth? She's a machine.
Villa, she's people, okay.
Now if I have to hear the same thing
that Chuck's saying,
I prefer to hear it in her dulcet tones.
Mr. Furwell is correct,
I monitor every building.
But I can assure you,
no one gets in without me knowing.
-See, that's much better.
-Maybe the killer never left.
The elevator only stops on the 20th floor,
you already checked that floor.
There's no way a murderer
is just lurking around.
I designed this place
to keep my tenants safe.
Yeah, great job with that.
I thought Bobby Huff was the only tenant
living in the building.
Why is the 11th floor lit up?
He was, it must be some sort of glitch.
Well then, we won't find anything.
That's not necessary,
there's no one up here.
Oh, yeah?
This a glitch too?
And garlic needs about 30 seconds
to a minute...
Chucky.
You brought guests.
Detective Villa, East Miami PD.
Who are you?
Pretty sure she's his mistress.
-Rosie, keep your eyes on him for a while.
-I got it.
I'm zeroed in on this bitch.
Okay, so tell me why Chucky
moved you into his empty building
and neglected to tell us.
I've just moved to the US.
Chucky was generous and offered this.
He's a good man and a gentle lover.
-You see, I'm married.
-Yeah, we see.
Okay, which one of you guys
attacked Bobby?
We didn't kill him.
The whole point was to keep Alena secret,
which is why someone was supposed to
vacate until this whole thing blew over.
I haven't left the apartment for days.
My visa may be a bit expired.
We filed for a renewal.
I am innocent.
-I like Bobby, he had kind eyes.
-Whoa, whoa, so you knew Bobby?
We met by accident one time.
My Etsy order had arrived,
and we were right outside the hallway,
and it was super funny moment.
He was like--
Oh, so Bobby knew your secret?
Where's Furwell?
We have a suspect on the run.
Where is Chuck Furwell?
You look like you're
in charge around here.
And you look like you charge by the hour.
-How much for some hot cocoa?
-More than your boss probably pays.
Where is he?
Paris, Tulum,
he's quite the globe trotter.
Oh, that's interesting. Because I have
two officers who say they spotted Furwell
enter this office building
about 20 minutes ago.
Unless you got
a direct line to Magic Mike,
I don't think I'm gonna be able
to help you.
East Miami PD, drop it.
Stop what you're doing.
You realize we have people
who piece those together, right?
You should be
a little careful with Furwell.
The man has more attorneys on payroll
than actual employees.
Well, I think Bobby blackmailed Furwell
about his mistress, so Furwell killed him.
We have means, motive,
and opportunity.
Yeah, but no murder weapon.
If you find that, not even the suits
will be able to protect him.
I just need to get back
to Magic City to determine what weapon.
Well, check the post office.
Maybe he ordered it from the same place
he got his girlfriend.
Hello.
I'm Detective Ira Hornstock,
I'd like to ask you a few questions.
I want lawyers, lots of them.
Hey, can't hurt to try.
Thank you.
Okay, all right, look.
I don't know what your angle is,
but you made your point.
Now you know what I need.
I need some of that old Ira Hornstock
magic so we can solve this case.
We can't hold him in there much longer,
you know that?
"Magic"? Captain, I'm not a wizard.
Okay? It's all about hard work
and dedication.
I'm doing the same thing I've always done.
Except with a little more heart.
See you, Captain.
-Text me as soon as you have an update.
-Will do.
I have an update.
I couldn't say anything
in front of the guys.
But I know why Bobby's face
was marked with our ring.
I really hope this doesn't end
with her slapping cuffs on you.
Can we talk somewhere more private?
I was with Bobby the day before he died.
Bobby had addiction issues.
He'd been clean for years,
but he relapsed.
He called me frantic,
so I rushed over there.
He had that mark on his face. Said he'd
blacked out, woke up on the floor.
Must've fallen on the ring.
And he asked me not to tell anyone.
He said it was just a bump on the road
and I believed him.
When he didn't come to dinner that night,
I didn't know what to do.
Why not tell your brothers?
Because he blames himself.
Bobby gave me my start, but he could
never get his own career going.
And I tried to help him, but he spiraled.
When the show got canceled,
we just joined him at the bottom.
Ten year bender.
And then one night,
we had this rager at the Casa.
All the wild people,
even Bobby's wolf was stoned.
And he turns, and Bobby says
he didn't know anybody there.
And I didn't know anybody either.
So when I finally sobered up,
we decided to turn our lives around.
I asked Bobby to be my chef.
And you pay all your friends
to be your friends?
Pay?
Bobby was the one with the money.
Our house, our lifestyle,
that all came from Bobby's dad
because mine robbed me blind.
It's always the ones closest to us
that hurt us the most.
No, not my boys, we pick each other up.
Wu taught himself Quicken
to keep our finances in order.
I helped Rast get his GED
and Bobby...
Bobby was our chef.
Promise me you'll find his killer.
Son, I've been spring cleaning.
Who knew we had so much storage space.
And all of it is being used.
But, like I was telling Mom, it's not
really fair to do this without TMI here.
-Do you even know what they do?
-Do you?
Well, we can always employ
the KonMari method
where you only keep the things
that bring you joy
but I have to admit,
everything brings me joy.
Okay, Mom, listen, I really appreciate
you trying to help
but you never know
when you're gonna need something.
From the look of it,
you have not needed any of these.
You're a genius. You are a genius.
I am?
I think I can use this 3D printer to help
solve Bobby Huff's murder.
Pippy, Mitchie, you got to
get this thing online.
Like I said, you never know
when you're gonna need something,
and that's why
we're not gonna sell anything.
Ha-ha. It's great.
Scanner feeds the data from the wound
into the 3D printer,
which creates a model
of whatever weapon killed Bobby Huff.
It's gonna take a minute to warm up.
It's been a while, so...
There.
Right.
So, it looks like it's approximately
eight inches in diameter.
Based on the fractures,
it's anywhere between 15 and 75 pounds,
made of hardwood or metal.
But, that's a guess.
I mean, there's not enough information
to determine impact velocity.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Is it just me or does
that award look a lot like
the murder weapon you're describing?
And there was no award found
in Bobby Huff's apartment.
And that looks like his place.
And only one of our suspects
ever won an HMA young actor award
for The Ways Back, obviously.
The same suspect that would
let his best friend keep it as a gift.
I need to see Micah Holmes again.
Bobby Huff lives in an apartment
and his friends live here.
It could be tough
being around family 24/7.
Maybe he needed space.
How are things
going with the new investor?
-Different.
-You know, relationships change
but that doesn't mean that they stop
being the people you care about.
Oh gosh, I sound like Hornstock.
You are infectious.
Rosie's going viral.
You son of a bitch.
I told you to back off.
Hey, hey, everybody, stop!
Slowly turn around.
Break it up!
So, Micah, tell me why you and your BFFs
were at each other's throats?
Micah Holmes is a punk and a liar.
Why? Because he killed Bobby Huff?
This is between the three of us.
I get it. You know, sometimes you're gonna
butt heads with your brothers.
My friend, Butters, he always has my back.
But you'd get us together on the back
nine at Crandon with money on the line.
Forget it. But it doesn't mean
I don't still love this son of a bitch.
Stop with the best friend act.
We've pulled voice mails off your phones.
Let's just say, Bobby had some
strong words for all of you.
You admitted you saw him after he relapsed
but I think things got heated.
Why couldn't he pull himself up like you?
Why was he such dead weight?
So Micah smashed him in the head
with an HMA award
and when you and Wu found out,
you attacked him.
Look, I respect you not talking.
You know, how many scumbags come here
ratting out their wives, their husbands,
even their mothers.
What you have is beautiful.
Cherish it.
What's your take?
Well, I see microexpressions
indicating that all three men are lying.
No, no, with Hornstock.
He's trying to get me to lash out, huh?
I mean, this is his plan to get my job?
Or maybe he's just finally looking
at the world through a Rosier lens.
I'll be right back. I gotta make a call.
That makes two of us.
Has Tweedle Dum Dum said anything?
Excuse me. No.
No, but I worked with some stuff.
Okay, what is wrong with you?
What? I'm trying a new tactic... Empathy.
You should give it a spin.
-You complimented Feldheim's tie.
-I can't appreciate a nice paisley?
Look, Villa, you have to put yourself
in these guys' shoes.
They had everything and lost it.
This isn't about Bobby.
It's about the reboot.
What reboot?
...we've got an Xtra exclusive.
Emmy award winning series The Ways Back
the show that introduced the world
to fish out of water, Toby Weisback
and his misfit friends
is returning to television nearly 20 years
after airing its final episode.
Now, one of the show's original producers,
Joel Schiffman, let it slip the other day
that he's in discussions with several
networks about a possible reboot.
The Ways Back star Katarina Van Pelt
has responded with a tweet saying,
"Family reunion, who's ready?"
Few months ago some Hollywood producers
reached out to me
about rebooting The Ways Back.
-With my character as an adult.
-Too bad you're still a child.
-The deal isn't even done.
-I built you a website.
I run your instagram, I answer every
single fan email, even the sex stuff.
How could you not tell me?
You were gonna leave for LA without them?
A fresh start.
I was trying to build up the courage
to tell you.
I don't want to make the same mistakes
I did as a kid. This is my last shot.
So, you just... You leave us behind?
Bobby got to move out, why can't I?
He moved out because of you.
We came to Miami for you.
-That's right.
-We've always had your back.
And you only cared about yourself
and your fame.
Look, you guys are like family, okay.
I get why you're fighting.
But why is Bobby dead?
They don't know that
because they weren't there.
This is Roy and Arnold,
photographers of stars.
They were outside
of Micah's house the past week
for the "'90s Stars: Where Are They Now?"
They uploaded some photos
of the night that Bobby was murdered.
Here's Rast delivering food.
Micah and Wu meeting him at the door.
They never even left that night.
So, they couldn't have killed him.
Told you.
Did I make it in time for show and tell?
You recognize this
shiny piece of self worth?
Got your name on it.
You found the murder weapon.
The killer stole it
from Bobby's apartment.
Sold to this cat lady in Hialeah
using an online dummy account.
We're tracking down the location
of the original IP address
but in the meantime, what do you say
we figure out which one of these clowns
is gunning for best actor.
It's clean. There's no blood.
There's no hair or fibers
in the sample that we took.
So that's not what killed Bobby.
Maybe it was a Golden Globe.
See that ring fracture at the base
of Bobby's skull?
His head was forced down by impact
causing cranial fractures.
What am I missing?
Exactly. We missed the fractured bevel.
See, we assumed that someone
smashed something onto Bobby's head.
His head was forced down sharply.
Given the spacial limitations
of the elevator...
Someone would've had to have been
taller, stronger, faster
and able to sneak on to a moving elevator.
I mean, how is that even humanly possible?
It wasn't.
You see anything? A ghost?
I was kidding about the ghost.
Rosie, you don't actually think
there's a ghost in here, right?
Look, there might be a ghost.
But that's not what killed Bobby.
So, somehow the killer
climbed through the emergency hatch
and smashed Bobby on the head?
No, no one hit him.
Bobby Huff was alone that night,
but he wasn't really alone.
Someone sabotaged the elevator.
They used the elevator's
magnetic rail system
to rock the cart up to the 20th floor.
Then they used Bobby's own momentum
to kill him.
So, you're saying the elevator
is the murder weapon?
See there's a small dent
in the ceiling right about here.
That's from the impact.
The question is, who had
the technical prowess to pull it off.
Coming!
Rick Wu.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and will be used
against you in a court of law.
I wasn't at Bobby's apartment
when he died.
You proved that.
I couldn't have killed him.
You didn't need to be.
You hacked
into the building security system
and messed
with the elevator's acceleration.
Which flung him into the ceiling.
Deadly inertia.
The impact broke his neck.
You were the only one in that crew
with the know-how to pull that off.
Even if I could somehow
pull that hack off, why would I kill him?
Bobby was running low on cash
after his dad cut him off.
Supporting you guys wasn't cheap.
And his bank records show he recently
got a cash advance from a publisher.
He was selling your secrets
to the highest bidder.
"Tell all" meets "cook book."
Sounds like a fun read.
Micah mentioned you were handling
everyone's finances.
-You saw that transaction.
-Yeah, what do they call it in accounting?
Protecting your assets.
You all got into some bad stuff
when you were at the bottom.
Stuff you didn't want out there. So you
killed Bobby to protect your secrets.
That's not true. I love Bobby like
he was my own family. I wouldn't kill him.
-This is crazy.
-Love makes you do some crazy things.
Even if family.
You're in a funk
and you're not talking to me?
You're breaking all kinds
of sibling codes, bro.
What's going on?
'Can't believe
I was wrong about those guys.
They were tearing each other apart.
That doesn't mean
they didn't love each other.
You know the worst fights
are always between family.
'Cause they're the ones
that know you the best.
Maybe the only reason that Mom
is bothering us is 'cause
we're used to seeing her as just Mom.
But now, she's something more.
Come on, people change.
But love doesn't change.
Exactly.
Rick Wu hadn't changed in 20 years.
He wasn't a killer then,
he isn't one now.
I've got one more test to run.
Yeah, but the body's down here.
You're here to make me confess?
I want you to tell me about Bobby.
-I didn't kill him. None of us did.
-That's not what I'm asking.
What was he like as a friend?
You know I had friends growing up.
We were inseparable, just like you guys.
Then, one day, I got really sick
and they never came to visit me
in the hospital.
I thought they'd changed.
So when I got better, I forgot about them
and I made new friends.
And years later, they told me
that the reason they didn't come visit me
was 'cause they didn't want
to see me like that.
It was too painful for them.
They hadn't changed. I changed.
I don't believe that you killed Bobby.
Micah never saw what The Ways Back
did to Bobby.
It crushed him.
His own dad wouldn't even let him
be an extra.
But, Bobby bottled it up
and supported Micah.
He was that good of a friend.
He didn't want to burden anyone
with his pain.
If he hadn't died in that elevator,
he'd have let this reboot end him.
And he wouldn't have said a word.
Why are we here?
I'm pretty sure we covered
the entire building.
Almost done.
Hey, don't mind the wait,
gives us time to chit chat.
So, how's Adrian?
I get that you're seeing the world
with fresh eyes,
it's your life, but, I mean, I don't see
what was wrong with old Hornstock.
Okay, so the only way the elevator
would've accelerated that quickly
is if someone had interfered with
the velocity transducer which is in there.
Now we thought Rick Wu
had hacked into the access control system,
but the transducer
ran on a separate network.
So, whoever killed Bobby Huff
had to go in there
and manually adjust the transducer.
How do you know all this?
Basic systems engineering, Villa.
You better study up, Villa,
or the future's gonna pass you by.
Who do you think installed
the cameras at Magic City?
Dr. Rosewood, I see you so often,
I feel like you're a tenant.
Well, sadly, this place is a little
outside my price range.
You know, I think you two
should tie the knot?
Does it count as eloping
if she's attached to the ground?
-Is Roomba your best man?
-Best machine.
-You're all right?
-Fighting a cold.
-Nothing serious.
-Now you take care of yourself.
So, like I was saying, the fiber glass
is leaking around the transducer.
It's all over the access tone.
So, whoever went in there would've had
fiberglass in their nasal passages.
I tested Wu, his nose is clean.
So, he's innocent.
So, who killed Bobby Huff?
Take your eminent domain
and shove it up your ass.
Good afternoon, Miss Portsmith.
I hope you had a pleasant run.
Claudine, or should I call you Holla?
What's your real name?
Soon it will be inmate 5779A.
You forgot to disguise your IP address
when you sold Bobby's award.
It led us right to you.
Although your voice
is all I needed to hear.
And that hickie
that's spreading across your neck,
it's actually a tick worn typhus.
It's a nasty disease you picked up
from Bobby's pet wolf.
'Causes rashes all over your body
and it also affects your vocal chords.
I've been cleared of all wrong doings,
so get out or I'm gonna take you to court.
We're here for your assistant.
She murdered your tenant, Bobby Huff.
And you're also to blame
'cause you lied to us
about that virtual concierge
being based in India.
Mumbai is not as cheap as it used to be,
so I had my assistant
handle the concierge.
Why would she kill a tenant?
Because Claudine here has sticky fingers
and expensive tastes.
She used her access to your building
security system to rob your tenants.
She waited till they weren't home
and then she unlocked
their doors remotely.
-But Bobby Huff was home.
-Bobby caught you.
And he was gonna rat you out
to your boss, so you murdered him.
Because you could've
got a job anywhere.
Going away for grand larceny,
that's five to fifteen in State prison.
And I'm guessing orange isn't your color.
Get up.
You might want to choose
your words carefully from here on out.
Claudine is headed straight to court
after she gets out of the hospital.
Furwell's covering her legal fees.
Well, at least Bobby Huff
can now rest.
Dr. Rosewood.
I just wanted to thank you
and Detective Villa before I left.
We're having a table read of
The Ways Back reboot in Los Angeles.
We fly out in a few hours.
One way ticket?
For all of us.
We found a rental by the beach,
three bed room.
We've had our rough patches
but family always sticks together.
No matter what.
I just wish Bobby could be there
for our next chapter.
But I guess, in a way
he'll always be with us.
You know Bobby didn't take the advance
for the book.
He told the publisher to cancel the deal.
He said that he can never
sell out his brothers.
All right, hold on, hold on.
-You smell that, right?
-That smells so good, Bro.
Did somebody finally open the
Barefoot Contessa cookbook
I gave them for Christmas?
You know Ina Garten's definitely
at my dream dinner table
right between Albert Einstein
and Karl Lagerfeld.
But tonight is not just about
cooking a delicious feast
for the women that I love.
I want to talk about Magic City.
Please, before you say anything,
I want you to know that I am sorry
about the misunderstandings at the lab.
You don't have to apologize.
Nothing to be sorry about.
Please, baby, you don't have
to spare my feelings.
I think of everyone at that lab
as part of my family, by choice.
But now that I'm an investor,
we're more than family.
Meaning?
We just have to be open and honest
about how that lab functions,
and I need to treat you more like
a partner and not just my son.
So, does that make this
more of a business dinner?
-No.
-'Cause we can't drink if that's the case.
Gimme that.
I'm talking about the lab. You can't take
"family" out of "family dinner,"
unless those beans don't deliver.
Oh, I know you're not talking
about my green beans.
We are talking. I am taking my family
to Morgan's.
-There he is.
-Thanks for stopping by.
I've got a vegan burrito
with your name on it. Extra avocado.
I don't know who slipped you
the Rosewood play book
but you must've been studying it
the past few days.
Extra avocado. That's expert level.
I've been meaning
to talk to you about that.
You've been Rosiefied.
Embrace it, it's a beautiful thing.
I just like to know
why you've suddenly seen the light.
I know you're sick.
I'm a detective.
I follow clues for a living.
You got a new investor,
you freaking put Mitchie out in the field.
You've been putting your affairs in order
and I was wondering why
so I followed you
to your doctor's office.
So why the new attitude?
To let you know
you're not alone in this.
That if Ira Hornstock can walk around
with a smile on his face,
you could beat anything.
Thanks.
I appreciate that.
I don't doubt myself but it's good to have
your smile as a reminder.
And you might want to
tone it down a notch.
You're starting to scare everyone.
They're calling you "Woodstock."
-What do you think, five percent?
-Try 50.
Have you told your family yet?
No, there's too much going around here
to throw this into the mix.
I still have another few weeks
before I start my dialysis.
I'm here for you, Rosie.
Need a ride to the doc
or you need to hear a corny dad joke,
-I'm your guy.
-Thanks.